Marianne todd: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So bring me up to speed. What is something changed here what's going on. Oh.
Marianne todd: Nice. So, I believe it was it was the day I text you I got a message from my ex husband, my messenger
Marianne todd: Telling me to call him as soon as possible, and I called him. And it turns out our older son is going through a really rough time with not having me around, he's just been acting up a lot. And he's really close to go into JPL.
Marianne todd: And he just got suspended from school again and stuff. And so it was him. Basically, you know, like telling me, like, I need you to be in his life. I need you to be there.
Marianne todd: And which is really awesome. You know what I mean, like, I'm super excited, but it was really scary because he's also angry with me because he just doesn't. Okay.
Marianne todd: You know what I mean, he doesn't understand everything he doesn't know the full truth about everything like he's just kind of really confused.
Marianne todd: And so we actually video called him that night, and the next night. And at first it was very difficult. Like, he was really angry.
Marianne todd: I couldn't help but to break down crying, obviously, but I did apologize to him. I let him know. I want to be there. And that's not going to change. I am going to be there.
Marianne todd: And he loosened up a little bit after that. And last night was just amazing. Like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, wonderful. To the timing I don't know this tiny feel so good. I'm glad I get to be way.
Marianne todd: More than Cisco crazy cuz mean you had just gone through it and not knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I mean. It's so ironic.
Marianne todd: And it was really good. But the thing. I had a question about is I kind of talked about this a little bit too because his dad is trying to get them into counseling.
Marianne todd: But he's having an issue with insurance and all kinds of things, I guess. Yes. And I was, I don't know if you're able to do this or not but I was thinking, wondering if we could do some sessions with me. Yeah, sure. I try to move on things. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love to do that. I don't get to do much family, work in here.
Marianne todd: On Aiden is very unsure of it right now apparently he's been diagnosed with a bunch of things like social anxiety, depression,
Marianne todd: And so when I had brought it up to him. He was very burnin perm and thing. I don't know. I don't know.
Marianne todd: And I told him I was like okay, baby. Well, it's up to you. I was like, I just want you to think about it, let me know. But I told him, if anything, I could set something up where you can meet you and see if you're comfortable. You know what I mean. So let me tell you this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it would go, I can't be his therapist, but this is how it could go, let's say do you envision actually being in the same room with him.
Marianne todd: That when it happened for a while because he is 18 hours away over it and about it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you feel if you were in, you are in, in, zoom, much like you see in group and his screen was there and your screen was there. How would you feel about that.
Marianne todd: Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking about
Marianne todd: Like I'm sure we can do it to where we do like a group to
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how we would do it. We would do it as family therapy and I wouldn't become the Family Therapist, right. I can't really do that. Officially, but you've seen that I can still
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of continue to be supportive, both as a couples therapist and individual and also in the service of your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is distressing and Dutta Dutta duh, I can certainly do that. So this is how you could sell it to Adrian, you could say, Aiden.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get you on the app. Get him comfortable talking with you right on zoom see this. And you could say, Aiden. You can get up and walk off the screen and you can just look
You don't even have to be on the screen.
Marianne todd: You go
Gwenevere Abriel: So he you know it's that number one if it's you. Why don't you check out with this lady's all about see if she's mean, see if she's nice see if she's funny, see if she's friendly, see if someone you could kind of kind of sit with a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's that. There's self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Healing the fact that you can be off screen. You get to decide how much you talk. You get to decide, all of that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's so much more comfortable for people and then being face to face. I mean, he's probably going to notice his blood he may not want anything else after that it's so much more comfortable than having to look someone in the eyeballs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you can sit back, I mean your little picture could be anybody. You can be. You can be way over here you know your little picture can be so small that gives a lot of these kids are also into all these technology things is kind of even that's their, their gig.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's number one. Number two is I want to ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you want from you if you've heard any kind of when you and Benito are talking. Are you heard me say if I'm going to be very heavily waiting on skill building so that you guys can navigate on your own. But think for an don't answer right away. I want you to think for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Short term from a first meeting. What would be just the bare minimum, what you would want from that encounter with all of us together.
Marianne todd: When I think I already know it's just wanting him.
Marianne todd: I just want him to feel more comfortable.
Marianne todd: And I want him like, I don't know how to explain it like
Marianne todd: Okay cuz the whole drug addiction thing has already came up with him. Okay, he brought it up last night.
Marianne todd: He was telling me. He's like, Mom, I don't want to be rude. He's like, I really don't want to upset you. Yeah, he's but this is what I overheard that telling grandpa in court was that you had openly admit it to him about your drug addiction.
Marianne todd: And so I kind of want to help him under like I don't know how to explain it. I want to be able to explain it to them better. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there. Stay there. So take a deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start with you. You're my client wants you to picture something happens during this this session where we're all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I make sure that people are taking care of that their safety. I'm taking care of watching language and all of that and you walk away from this this session. And what's the feeling you're going to have when you walk away.
Marianne todd: Oh no, like,
Marianne todd: I guess they want to feel more secure. Okay. And mine, whose relationship. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the thought. You want to have. So right now, there's probably missing information there's missing details you want him to come away, maybe with some information.
Marianne todd: Now I want him to come away from the from it with the information that I truly do love them and I do care. And I want to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the goal is for him to hear the. I love you. And what about the the piece about the addiction. What do you want to know about that.
Marianne todd: But it wasn't me.
Marianne todd: Like, but I was it just made me something, but I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some behaviors that you think he is holding on to that he thinks are you, but really it was the behavior, while you were high kind of thing.
Marianne todd: Yeah, and it wasn't he didn't see me, he never saw me. Hi, he never had to deal with any of that, it was just me not fighting as much as I should have been to be there for. So it's kind of like the neglect in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that we had talked about we had done a little bit around that. So it's really interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm imagining
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've sat a little bit with that neglect. Right. I didn't fight. I could have fought like you sat with it. We got to do that work a little tiny bit together at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want just want to test it. Just checking it. Do you want him back in your life 100% if you had your druthers, would you take them in the home and get 100% custody of them.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he says to you, well, why didn't she fight for me. Why have you been fighting now over these years. What's your response to that.
Marianne todd: But response in the truth would be. I was just scared.
Scared.
Marianne todd: Of losing him forever like in the court system because
Marianne todd: I'm just
Marianne todd: His family comes from military and a lot of money and my family comes from drug addiction and prison being broke so it has always really intimidated me
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I went into court find you if I go into court and they pull up my record. They might take away my option. My parental rights, I might never they might. Is that what you're trying to say.
Marianne todd: Well, there's, that's the thing. I don't have anything on my record.
Marianne todd: Why so
Gwenevere Abriel: Much fear. Then, so I didn't name it. What is it, because I didn't quite see how in court. Right. Is that what this is about.
Marianne todd: Yeah, like
Marianne todd: The year for me is in the town that he's in right now. The cops and the system over there has always kind of favored people from that town.
Marianne todd: Okay, and history has proven it with some of my friends and, you know, stuff like that, and the wife always had a fear that with them being from felon with them working at the military bases there. And on top of that his grandma does have a lot of power and a lot of pull in that town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they not know right now the full scope of your substance use today not know it right now.
Marianne todd: No, they don't.
Marianne todd: They don't know
Marianne todd: They barely know they only know what I told them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did they know
Marianne todd: Just that I went through a drug addiction and that I have been cleaning. That was the only time I ever told them anything about it was after I was clean. It was the last time, Aiden had come back into my life.
Marianne todd: And I had made them aware, like, hey, yes, I was going through a drug addiction. That's why my behavior was the way it was. And now it's going to be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if you were to
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea is, so why he didn't pursue custody like sending letters subpoenas like using the judicial system to get him. Let's say I'm doing the worst case scenario. Okay, right now, just just kind of test your readiness to hear this fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if he says that it's I didn't want to go to court because my whole history might come up and they might find a way to take you away forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I get it.
Marianne todd: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been writing him. Have you been trying your darkness to try to get the message. I love you to him.
Marianne todd: Um, we've been video chatting. That's it. Because right now, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Hears years ago.
Marianne todd: Oh, years ago. No, I wasn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: He tell me why.
Marianne todd: It was just like, after I got clean my hugest fear was just because every time his dad would get upset, he would rip them away again.
Marianne todd: And so my hugest fear was going through that over and over and over again and it causing me to relax because of me getting so upset about it and watching him and his brother get so upset about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I heard that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fear is I got my hopes up and your dad would would pull contact and it was triggering
Gwenevere Abriel: My a relapse for me and my fear was it's going to keep happening. And I'm not going to be able to get a handle on my recovery. I might stay in addiction, I might if this keeps happening. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I get that.
Marianne todd: Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are those the worst things that he could say
Marianne todd: Oh, Baden
Marianne todd: Mm hmm. I
Marianne todd: Mean, yeah.
Marianne todd: I don't know anything else like that I have actually done or said or anything that he could say that's worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your assessment, though, would those be the one of the more most difficult things that he could bring up
Marianne todd: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And it sounds familiar, because that's already this I didn't fight it could have fought like so that's why I brought him up, is I want to check and see how ready, you are to hear because there's no room.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to kids, they're completely irrational. So what's happening is probably
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going through that same ripping that just don't want to get my hopes up. And how could this be true. What if she's not telling the truth and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to go through this again. So the same self preservation that you're doing, he's doing this to he's not doing it from an adult perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's just flailing around trying to know, well what do I hold on to hear my hope and excitement my belief in her or she going to get my hopes up and let me do
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Marianne todd: Am I, that's something that's actually been heavily on my mind like I already know that he feels that way. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: Because it does always help in this way it happens to where I'm able to get in touch with them and then all of a sudden Mitch is gone, and he's left with no answers no security, no nothing. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: This next question might be a little uncomfortable for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Marianne, and that's why right I'm your therapist, and I'm not the Family Therapist. That's why down the line. What's going to be important is that you get a separate clinician because it kind of questions have to do with the functioning of everyone in this system.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a question that a family therapist might ask is, Marianne, how do you know you're ready to commit to this, given the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: It could happen that something negative happens with your son. Are you going to relapse again how fragile, are you in your recovery. Are you really ready
Gwenevere Abriel: To commit to sobriety, no matter what.
Marianne todd: I mean I feel like I am, yes. Like I feel like it's a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: because something happened to your son. You could be accused of something
Yeah.
Marianne todd: Are you going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it right
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your excuse in the pipe right in the past has been well under that's going to be my go to. That's what I'm going to do. So what do you know about yourself. Now, they didn't know them.
I mean,
Marianne todd: I don't know, there's, it's hard to explain. Like it's now that I have a counselor. That's actually helping me
Marianne todd: It's a lot different, because now I can actually recognize good things in myself and I've never been able to do that in the past.
Marianne todd: Like I recognize that I am positive. Now I'm a lot happier. I'm a lot stronger. Like I don't let things get to me anymore.
Marianne todd: Like I don't let
Marianne todd: Little things ruin my day, like I used to. You know what I mean. And in between these couple years that I haven't been able to talk to aid. It's given me time to actually build my strength and to work on my recovery.
Marianne todd: To where I feel a lot stronger now.
Marianne todd: Because in the beginning, I just wasn't getting the help that I needed. And I didn't know how to navigate through everything. I didn't know where to even begin. And so now that I actually have the hope I need I'm know how to get through things. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: Some something happens, you weren't seeing a counselor and something significant happened right
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you do to protect his emotional well being, what would you do to protect him.
Marianne todd: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you're not coming to bright hard health anymore. Something happens here. Don't know people's insurance flakes out all kinds of things happen and not getting this support.
Gwenevere Abriel: How will you put
Gwenevere Abriel: Aiden's safety first.
Marianne todd: Mean, I don't know. I don't know how to answer that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time that these are asking really difficult questions and not going to come quick
Marianne todd: I mean, like, are you talking about, if he was with me or if it was just the same way it is now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we totally got right now. Or maybe it's in the future. What came up
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, how about both
Marianne todd: I don't know. I know. The only thing I can really think of because it's kind of hard with him not being with me and he's over there with his dad like
Marianne todd: The only thing I could think of is to just be persistent and keep fighting to be in his life, even if his dad were to get upset and say, I can't talk to them, instead of giving up. I would just keep bugging and fighting and doing what I had to do.
Marianne todd: About my sobriety.
Marianne todd: No, I would just stay strong and stay clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see how that will
Gwenevere Abriel: Also be protecting him. You're right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So be persistent and I think having this reality test.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're making a change you're working on growth and recovery and the authentic self. But your ex husband is not
Gwenevere Abriel: This is possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: One hump in a roller coaster. He's very upset. Finally, I got the register of your ex husband or his father doesn't mean there could have been a register of this a lot earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this finally reached the threshold that got his attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the past you attribute sort of this I relapse because he was being pulled away. I think you're better off for your own sake really asking yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I ready if he gets pulled away. Am I ready. That's fair. You see how that puts his safety. I don't want to make any promises to you, Adrian that I can't keep so now keep you safe is I checked myself and make sure I'm not going to make a commitment. I can't keep
Marianne todd: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know my limitations. I'm going to know what I'm capable of and I'm not going to make them unless God willing, I mean, right, I'm gonna keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's fair. Don't we want that from the people that want to make a commitment to us. Don't make one. You can't keep
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that's
Marianne todd: really heavy on my mind because when I would talk to them in the past, I would make all these promises.
Marianne todd: Of. Oh, I'm going to come see you and I would tell myself. I'm going to make it happen no matter what, like, I'm not going to let anything get in the way and then things would get in the way and I wouldn't be able to see him. And so I've
Marianne todd: Been very book. I don't know. It's been at the front of my mind since his dad reach out to me.
Marianne todd: Because, and I've already told him because he's asked if I come visit and they talk, you know, right now, I just don't have a reliable car.
Marianne todd: I have to build up vacation time. On top of that, and I told them, and that's what I'm going to work on and I will let you know as soon as I'm able, you know, when I be
Gwenevere Abriel: So you see how
Gwenevere Abriel: This stuff we're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of how
Gwenevere Abriel: This recovery is very important. It's, it's kind of at the heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your ability to keep your promise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if the real fight is about your commitment and persistence to your own sobriety, that if you start there, if that if that is something you can keep like what I can promise to myself is that
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to keep pursuing this I gotta keep working on this, because then I'm available to you. I'm someone who keeps my promises. I will keep working this recovery program. I will do everything I can to to be the parent that you deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how is that similar of different than the way you have
Talked with him before.
Marianne todd: Mean, I don't know, like in the past. I never talked about anything but had to do with drug addiction like out of law. I didn't want to be honest with them about it. I didn't want to know anything about it.
Marianne todd: You know what I mean, it was like one of those things that I really hit
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, if this is it, then, then it's this honesty. This is what's different. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are honest, the, the, the, the sort of paradoxes here is if you're honest right then your worst fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could come true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your parents right could then pursue, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you sanity today for letting him know that you love him so he doesn't have to put it in question. You did not reject him. You did not fail to fight for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your addiction went after the high and an addict doesn't care about family. It doesn't care about the love of anyone else all it cares about is, is the high
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's a way that you can find a way to communicate that to him that your commitment to your recovery to really not letting that be a part of your life, letting him know you're, you are still new to this I think is fair.
Gwenevere Abriel: New, you may want to say I've got it, I've got it licked. But you are still taking a huge dose of buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just get your, your feet start on the ground. We had a slip. We've got all this intense stuff in your life. He had challenges that you faced with real grace. I think that you could have an excuse to have gone off the rails. I think you you really handled it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it would, you're, you're still in the early phase here and that can be part of it too. I will be honest with you. I'll tell you about what I'm capable of doing again and again and again. Right. That's my promise to you, son is I've gotta I've gotta say this is I'm in early recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not like to hear that, though.
Marianne todd: I mean, it doesn't really bother me. Like, I think it is very you know what I mean. Yeah. Because, like, even though
Marianne todd: Know when I think about it. Yeah, I was clean. In the past it was on Suboxone for a while and then I did it completely on my own for even longer after but and it was almost two years completely that I was clean.
Marianne todd: But at the same time, I just, there's a huge difference this time because I just wasn't facing anything then, you know, what do you mean
Marianne todd: What do you like I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know what you're facing this time.
Marianne todd: Like I'm just facing everything that I've actually gone through in the past, like when it comes to especially losing Aiden.
Marianne todd: And when it comes to the way my mom really was like the times that we talked about it like I do get
Marianne todd: A little bit defensive because it was just something that I never wanted to be real about, you know what I mean.
Marianne todd: Because I've always just convinced myself that, yeah. My mom had her issues, but she was loving and so it didn't really matter, I guess, you know what I mean.
Marianne todd: And I don't know, I'm just facing a lot of things that I never used to and it's all the main things that have that led me to where I was.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the biggest change in your relationship with in his
Gwenevere Abriel: Honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to let you know if I'm not ready to take you want full time because I don't have enough skills because
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to work on learning how to be a parent. I don't know what the truth is for you. Marianne, I'm making stuff up, but I'm giving you a role play example.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Aiden. I wasn't honest with myself. I needed. I had, I had a crappy start and a lot of ways in in in in my life and I'm just now learning how to love myself how to be okay with
Gwenevere Abriel: This history. I have. I've seem to have had some some trauma myself and I've been using substances to figure out how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get through my life and I'm learning how to do it. And my promises. I'm not going to make a commitment unless I've really thought it through. Okay, so that I don't let you down again. But I'm going to know my own limitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I don't know, do you see, even though because I tell, I say, well, you just remove them right in right now, everything you would just move right in. You wouldn't give it a second thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: As what you want, but now I'm making you really look
Hard
Marianne todd: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be what you want. But what would be the downside of doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get a bigger one. You're like, oh my
Marianne todd: Yeah, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If what this is asking you to do is know yourself, it's asking you to reflect and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, would you, would you take on three more dogs right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Puppy. Well, right. So you found that one. So why not, why not 34 puppies.
Marianne todd: Just because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so cute. Why not
Marianne todd: Try. Q And trust me, I've tried a couple of times and bonito stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. And why did you stop you. Do you think
Marianne todd: We'll just because like we're at work, a lot of the times, and we already have one dog that's pain in the butt. Choose up stuff and get them to everything. And I know we got three more. It would be 20 times a nightmare.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can kind of see that you don't have the time, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then, then that's part of the limitation. You see, now you can apply it with a two. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you here. I want you here that's absolute
Gwenevere Abriel: I went to
Gwenevere Abriel: Drugs, because I felt whatever your truth is I felt helpless that I couldn't solve this. I can't, I can't solve what seems this a formidable force of your family and their connections I it seemed huge so big was overwhelming and I used. I can't have that as an option. I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to tell you, I want you here and here would look like. I would still have to work. What would that be like for you, like, that's, that's the thing. It's like, I want you to hear that's absolute. I want you to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would you want from being here. Well, what, what's your expectation beans. You are here. I'm still be gone. How many hours a day. Are you working
Marianne todd: Only eight hours a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then so those hours with a suit is being in school that would that match. Well, or would you get to see him much
I mean, I
Marianne todd: Don't know how to explain it like I would still get to see him.
How much
Gwenevere Abriel: Each hours of the day.
Marianne todd: Right now I don't know cuz my schedules all over the place.
Marianne todd: Was different like sometimes they weren't till 10 o'clock at night sometimes they work in the morning, it's just always back in Florida.
Marianne todd: But I just, I don't know, in my mind, I feel like that's just life that's just something we have to deal with, like, I don't know how it's ever going to change. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know what he knows he may have something made up in his head that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You cut everything out, you just stay home and homeschooling or something. I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know anything about what he wants, what is right. It could be just a concept of his needing to know that you love him some kind of vulnerabilities coming up for him right now and it may not be about actually being with him. I have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this when he heard about the substance use, did you see a change in his, his demeanor with you. Did you see a shift.
Marianne todd: Well, actually, like, it was kind of weird because I had explained, but I did go through a drug addiction and I you know I explained to him how it started with pain.
Marianne todd: And I was just some of the things I've been through make it kind of hard. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: And I had told him, like how just one thing led to another and I became reliant and I was taking more than I was supposed to
Marianne todd: And then I had explained to him that I was in a program that was helping me and I told him I see a counselor every week. I do group every week. And he actually
Marianne todd: Got a lot more comfortable and he started to open up a lot more because with the issues that he's going through, like I felt like
Marianne todd: It made it to where he was able to relate to me. You know what I mean, like he was able to say like, Oh, hey. Like you go through that to this is what I'm going through and it was, it was really awesome.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice that it came from exactly what is this is you didn't have to make something up there might be some minimization in there can. I'm not too, too. Sure. But ultimately, there was honesty. You got to connect
Gwenevere Abriel: You could relate to each other right you've been through some stuff. This is not been an easy ride for either one of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I feel like I have pushed you pretty hard today.
Marianne todd: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did I pushed really hard. I wanted to see
Gwenevere Abriel: If you've given this some thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what what is he asking for currently once he really What's he asking for
Marianne todd: He's not asking for anything really. I think he's just trying to figure it out to and he's just trying to get comfortable and just trying to figure out whether this is going to be a permanent thing or you know what I mean, like he doesn't know either.
Marianne todd: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm curious what is his father's name.
Donovan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if if really it's a conversation with Don and it's this is about. Has he
Gwenevere Abriel: Been enough understanding about the well being of Aden to understand that pulling the rug out is not in Aiden's best interest that does that's harmful.
Marianne todd: Honestly, I know for a fact. He doesn't seem to get that because even when he has kept me out of a flyer I begged him to be split little Ben and Aiden talk
Marianne todd: Because it's it's never been fair to them like they're brothers. They don't even know each other very well, you know what I mean. And he just didn't care. He didn't want to hear it. It was his way and that was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what finally got Donovan's attention. I'm a little confused. How is this finally registering for him.
Marianne todd: With all the trouble that isn't getting into and the hard time that he's having. He's starting to realize like, and what he told me as he feels like with me not being around it's giving Aiden.
Marianne todd: It's making it really hard for him, and it's affecting him on a serious level because he thinks that he is acting up because he doesn't have me around and
Marianne todd: You know what I mean. And I know the continent is will three I call them cotton I call him by his last name because that's just what I've always known him by
Gwenevere Abriel: Simon or
Marianne todd: I don't buy cotton.
Marianne todd: Okay, that
Last name.
Marianne todd: I forgot what I was saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't think he has the insight to see. So, so it's pretty reasonable. What I was saying, which is he's going to pull the rug out again and I wanted to know if you were under the illusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: That everything's going to be Groovy and we're all going to get together and you're gonna have custom you're going to end up
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I got to tell you, history tends to repeat itself. It's the most predictive thing of the future.
Marianne todd: Yeah and there's a huge part of me that has that in my head still like I i know it could still happen but like at the same time, I know this is a lot different.
Marianne todd: He's never once has his dad reached out to me and asked me to be in his life like never at all.
Marianne todd: And it's just the way he talks to me now is completely different. Because every since the day that me and him had split up. He would talk to me with this anger in his voice he would put me down all the time like he was just
Marianne todd: Extremely immature every time we would talk and now he's actually talking to me like a person. He's not talking down to me. He's not being rude.
Marianne todd: And he even he's sitting here telling me he wants to bring eight and up the summer and he wants all of us to go camping and to go fishing. And then when I told him I'm going to work on getting my car, reliable and
Marianne todd: Building up some vacation time and then I told him after I do that, I'll let you know when I can come down and everything.
Marianne todd: And he's like, okay, he's like, yeah, that would be awesome. He's like, I'll let you take a reno for the weekend so you guys can have some alone time and not once have they ever what may be a work with Aiden. Not what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have an interest to have a more thorough conversation about his plan to hear from cotton what like to test out your concerns. Is there anything you would want to know, to see if he's really legit. This time I hear your evidence. I heard all that this feels different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, else you would want to know if he was here. What would you say anything you would be able to in talking to him. See if he has matured.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he got more reliable.
Marianne todd: Honestly, I don't know, there's so many things that have crossed my mind with him, but I would love to just sit down and have a conversation with him and see work has said that. So there's just so many different things that come up. You know what I mean, it's just, is he
Marianne todd: Still looking down on me. Is he still viewing me as just this
Marianne todd: Basically piece of crap on the side of the road. You know what I mean, because that's how he's always treated me that's what he's always thought of me since we split up.
Marianne todd: And it's just basically wanting to know if he does understand what it's doing to age when he wrote some way. You know what I mean, does he understand what he's doing to our son does he understands what he's doing.
Marianne todd: To to innocent kids in this. You know what I mean, like, there is a lot of things that crossed my mind, but I would love to just sit there and pick his head about
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did you fall into addiction in that relationship with cotton.
Marianne todd: No I my addiction started after Aiden was taken away and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Taken away heated moment he was irrational.
Marianne todd: And yeah, he literally. It was only two months old and he literally grabbed it and then ran out the door and then next thing I knew, I was at the sheriff's station talking to a CPS worker.
Marianne todd: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious what triggered that for him. Well, what did you and what you keep received was so grievous that you did.
Marianne todd: To me and
Marianne todd: When we never got along. The only reason we stayed together was because of our son, and he was just we were only
Marianne todd: 1716 when we met, something like that. And no, I was. It was right before I turned 18 cuz I got pregnant, two months into the relationship and I found out on my 18th birthday, that I was pregnant.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to go check it out. Check on this chicken, make sure I'm not burning it
I'll be my page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Marianne todd: So yeah, I was thinking like we just never really did get along and that day we had just gotten into another little petty fight, but we always gotten into
Marianne todd: And that's when I had reached my limit. And I told them, I said, I'm done. I can't do this anymore. And one of my friends had actually came and picked me up and me and Aiden left
Marianne todd: And he had called me bawling. His eyes out begging me to come back and he's like, at least let me say bye to Aiden. Let me have a minute with him and
Marianne todd: I went back and when I got back, he had destroyed the entire house and he at first was talking to me he was begging me to stay there.
Marianne todd: And I told him I couldn't that I just couldn't do it anymore. I couldn't handle it was too much and Aiden been there to grow up that way.
Marianne todd: And next thing I knew that was when he grabbed Aiden and ran out. And then when I got when I had called the sheriff station.
Marianne todd: They were telling me if they hadn't called CPS yeah he was going to be charged with kidnapping and it turned out he had called CPS and he had told CPS that I had cleaned the house and that's why it was so destroyed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so do you know if he has any mental illness. Anything that you know
Marianne todd: I'm aware of, no.
Marianne todd: I mean, he was in the military, and he did get discharged because he was hurt, but nobody has ever told me what happened. I know he was over in Iraq. So I don't know if he has issues from that. Now, or I don't know anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be curious to see
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns out what you want is to actually have that conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm open to that too. So whatever it is that you need in the service of your recovery your goals, your peace of mind. All of these things are huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of stressors and I can definitely see how they are in your benefit to you know address them through various interventions. So I can certainly justify that very easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do these things. So you're more than welcome to if it turns out what's underlying this is is a father, that doesn't quite get that you're in a recovery program that you that the
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you didn't actually do anything wrong. You are just do kids that that just work a battle and now ready for a baby and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I let's keep talking because
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't about addiction, it was maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it that you didn't like about him.
Marianne todd: He was extremely immature and extremely rude like
Marianne todd: I don't know how to explain it. Like he
Marianne todd: He didn't know how to hold down a job at all. But it was just
Marianne todd: God, I don't know how to explain it. It was his demeanor. Like when it came to being parents like he wouldn't even get up and take care of. He
Marianne todd: Every time he would cry like it was always Marianne, your son's crying. Get up and take care of him like he had no part in doing anything whatsoever. And then he was just always
Marianne todd: I don't know how to explain it because it's been so long but
Marianne todd: It was just always rude and mature comments not taking things serious. You know what I mean, like, and then we actually got back together after all of that because he told me that the only way I was going to be in my son's life is that if I was with him. And if I married him.
Marianne todd: So we ended up going over to Reno and we got married.
Marianne todd: And it was a last minute thing. I mean, I remember having resentment towards them, because my mom was bawling her eyes out that she wasn't going to be there and everything else and
Marianne todd: Then when he joined the military. He was getting 1500 every two weeks, only because of the fact that he had a wife and kids because they give you housing allowance. They give you family allowance all kinds of extra money for that and he would send us $400 a month to live off of
Marianne todd: And then
Marianne todd: Every time I would call him once he was out of a school, he would tell me I was wasting his time, I was wasting his minutes and he was out of strip clubs every night just blowing his money there.
Marianne todd: And then that's when it finally drew the line with me and I left him and then they rotate in a way for me and
As even
Gwenevere Abriel: As even largely raised by Cotton's parents
Marianne todd: My son.
Marianne todd: Yeah, he the whole time. His Dad was in the military, he was being raised by his grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it's about their opinion of you maybe it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: Something going on in there. Okay, I'm starting I'm getting some more pieces. This is helpful. So how can I, how can I help. What can I do, what would you like
Marianne todd: I don't know. Because what I wanted on a today was to just
Marianne todd: Be able to know how to talk to aid more about my addiction and to help get him into counseling with me and I got that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you want to schedule something with me and something comes up, just let me know and we'll create some time.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. This must be exciting.
Marianne todd: Yes, it is very exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Years. O. D. What is your work schedule this week.
Marianne todd: Oh, crap. You know what, I don't even know. Because my phone being broken because we have an app on there that we look at her schedule on and I can't get into it because my phone's really really broken.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you going to know when to go in tomorrow.
Marianne todd: I'm gonna have to go in when bonito goes to work and I'm gonna have to ask one of the CSM to let me know when I work tomorrow.
Marianne todd: And then after that, I'm going to have to wait till I clock in to get on the computer to see when what my full schedule is because they won't let you login unless you're on the clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: What time can you let me know your schedule like
Marianne todd: Probably by six o'clock. My time cuz bonito goes in at
5:36pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Hot tomorrow at 6pm or today at 6pm
Marianne todd: Today at 6pm I can find
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me know your schedule and we'll just take it from there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Marianne todd: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'll know next week or, you know, maybe I don't, we don't know what you know. So just let's let's let's lead played a little loose because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to say when the next script is going to be, etc. So let's let me just hear from you, you can text it to me, send me a picture of it. That would be, um, and then we'll just hear from you. I guess at 815 or 830 my time of course 830 Marion
Marianne todd: And then you'll be hearing from Me from that number. I just called him text you from until I can figure out a way to get my phone up and going
Gwenevere Abriel: And who's this this
bonito.
Marianne todd: I don't have it in my phone here. So we got it, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're holding it while he's at work.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright cool y'all hear from you there. And, well, I'm excited for you. This is really cool. I really am.
Marianne todd: Super excited
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of these brothers can get to know each other a little bit, he can write feel this this love from not just this side with this other side, it sounds like he's he's really I think enough do a lot better with you in his life. I truly do believe that morning.
Marianne todd: I'm bringing up those
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's just, it's got to, I don't mean I don't know what what's going on with with Aiden. But I guess I'll learn in time so
Marianne todd: I'll hear from you tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll take it from there.
Marianne todd: Okay, thank you.